PREVIOUSLY ON "WHITE COLLAR"..
Peter: THAT'S THE KEY.
HOW DO WE FIND THE EVIDENCE BOX
IT OPENS?
WE LET MOZZIE RUN
WITH THE KEY.
YOU SAID SENATOR PRATT
COULD HURT YOU.
Peter:
HE KNOWS WE'RE ON TO HIM.
WE WOKE A GIANT, NEAL.
MY BRAKES --
I DON'T HAVE MY BRAKES.
WHAT?
[ HORN BLARES ]
[ CAR ALARM BLARING ]
PETER WENT AFTER
A U.S. SENATOR,
BUT SOMEONE
WANTS HIM TO STOP.
YOU LOOK INTO THIS KEY
WITHOUT HIM.
Neal:
ELLEN MUST HAVE MADE IT
WHEN SHE FIRST MOVED
TO NEW YORK.
WHAT DOES THAT
REMIND YOU OF?
IT'S A CITYSCAPE, MOZ.
THESE ARE BUILDINGS.
PRATT DOESN'T KNOW
ABOUT THIS.
NEITHER DOES PETER.
NEAL THINKS
HE'S IN THE LEAD HERE...
BUT I'M WITH HIM.
Man: THEN, ALL OF A SUDDEN,
WE ENDED UP
AT THIS WAREHOUSE
UNDERNEATH THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE.
THE PARTY WAS INSANE.
AND THE TOPPER WAS
THIS JUNKIE COMES IN
JUST TO STEAL COPPER PIPING
RIGHT OUT THE WALL.
RIGHT OUT OF THE WALL,
HUH?
THIS IS YOUR STOP.
OH! UM...
YOU GOT CHANGE OF A $20?
CHANGE? NO.
SERIOUSLY?
SERIOUSLY.
KEEP IT.
WAREHOUSE BY WATER STREET --
COPPER PIPE IN THE WALLS.
[ CELLPHONE DIALING ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ Ringing ]
MOZZIE: Hacks-A-Lot,
go for me.
GOOD DAY BLEEDING FARES
FOR INFO?
I AM BACCHUS, AND THEY'RE
LITERALLY POURING WINE
DOWN MY THROAT.
AT LEAST ONE OF US
IS GETTING DRUNK.
Oh, intel gathering not going
as well on your end?
NO, THE VIEW
FROM ELLEN'S FIRST APARTMENT
DOESN'T MATCH THE KEY.
PICK ME UP?
Be right there.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS WHERE
NEAL IS NOW.
YOU CAN'T SEE
ANYTHING FROM HERE.
NO, HE'S GOT TO BE
ON THE BALCONY.
HERE WE GO.
HERE'S HIS VIEW.
DOES IT MATCH UP?
I DON'T THINK SO.
WELL, I NEVER EXPECTED
HIM TO BE
CRISSCROSSING
THE CITY LIKE THIS.
IF I WAS A BETTING MAN,
I'D SAY HE'S TRYING
TO THROW SOMEONE OFF HIS SCENT.
EH, HE KNOWS
WE'RE THE ONLY ONES
WHO CAN ACCESS
HIS TRACKING DATA.
PETER,
THAT'S MY POINT.
I KNOW, BUT HE DOESN'T KNOW
THAT WE MADE A COPY OF THE KEY.
OH, THAT'S EL.
WE'RE DONE FOR THE DAY.
TELL ME SHE DOESN'T KNOW
YOU'RE STILL FOLLOWING THE KEY?
NO, EVER SINCE THE ACCIDENT,
SHE WANTS ME TO TAKE IT EASY.
YEAH, AND ANYTHING NEAL RELATED
IS EXACTLY THE OPPOSITE.
KEEP MONITORING HIS ANKLET.
WE'LL CATCH UP LATER.
YEAH.
Elizabeth: HEY.
HEY, HONEY.
HEY.
OH, HEY, CLINTON.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU GUYS WERE WORKING TODAY.
THE CITY
NEVER SLEEPS.
OH, YOU JUST CAUGHT US
WRAPPING UP.
MM-HMM.
GREAT TO SEE YOU.
YOU, TOO.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
BYE.
I'LL WALK HIM OUT.
THANKS, JONES.
SEE YOU.
MWAH!
BABE?
HMM?
WHY AREN'T YOU
WEARING YOUR SLING?
WHAT?
MM-HMM.
[ HORN HONKS,
INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ STATIC ]
HEY. WHERE TO?
ELLEN ONCE MENTIONED
SHE LIKED TO WATCH
THE TUGBOATS
FROM BROOKLYN BRIDGE PARK.
HMM, TUGBOATS.
REALLY?
I KNOW
I'M GRASPING AT STRAWS.
[ RADIO CHATTER ]
MOZ, I'M NOT PAYING YOU
FOR THE RIDE.
OH, YOU ARE
IF WE'RE TO BROOKLYN.
HONEY, YOU KNOW NEAL DOESN'T
WANT YOU LOOKING INTO THE KEY.
NEAL DOESN'T LIE TO ME.
HE HIDES THE TRUTH.
HE WITHHOLDS IT,
BUT HE...
...DOESN'T LIE TO ME.
AND IF HE IS, THERE'S GOT TO BE
A REASON FOR IT.
WELL, MAYBE HE DOESN'T WANT TO
DRAG YOU INTO A MINE FIELD.
REALLY? THIS IS
THE ONLY WAY TO BROOKLYN?
BELIEVE ME,
WE MISSED A LOT OF TRAFFIC.
BESIDES, CHASING WILD GEESE
IS EXPENSIVE SPORT.
IT'S NOT
A WILD GOOSE CHASE.
WE KNOW MORE
THAN WHEN WE STARTED.
YEAH, WE KNOW
THE KEY DOESN'T MATCH
THE VIEW FROM ELLEN'S PLACE
ON ROOSEVELT ISLAND,
OR HER FAVORITE KNOLL
IN CENTRAL PARK,
OR HER EX-BOYFRIEND'S LOFT
IN SoHo.
YEAH, I GET IT.
WE'VE HAD A LOT OF DEAD ENDS.
BUT SHE HAD
A REASON BEHIND THIS.
TO CUT A SKYLINE
INTO A SLIVER OF METAL
WITHOUT ANY INDICATION
OF WHAT IT POINTS TO OR WHY?
SHE THOUGHT I'D KNOW.
MUST BE SOME PART OF HER LIFE
I'M NOT REMEMBERING.
5V78?!
THAT'S MY CAB!
HE'S DRIVING MY CAB!
CITIZEN'S ARREST!
CEASE AND DESIST!
WHAT THE HELL, MOZ?
DON'T --
LOOK! LOOK IT!
HIS TAG NUMBER!
THAT'S ME!
HE HAS
THE SAME TAXI MEDALLION.
MINE IS LEGAL!
MOZ, IT'S ME.
IT IS! I PAID
A FULL ROCK TO BE 5V78.
WHO THE HELL
IS THIS GUY?!
MOZZIE, RELAX. DON'T --
DON'T GOT AFTER HIM, MOZZIE!
IT'S NOT --
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
MOZ! THAT'S A RED LIGHT!
CAN YOU AT LEAST
TURN OFF THE METER?
I MEAN, HONEY,
YOU WERE HOSPITALIZED,
HUGHES LOST HIS JOB, ELLEN
IS DEAD AND SO IS HER KILLER.
I MEAN --
PRATT IS DANGEROUS,
AND I GOT TO STOP HIM.
THEN STOP HIM
AS AN FBI AGENT.
ALL RIGHT, BUT IF NEAL HAS
SOME SCHEME OR HEIST PLANNED,
I'M NOT A PART OF IT.
THEN WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WATCHING. SO THAT I CAN
CONTROL THE OUTCOME.
HONEY, I AM SAFE
HERE ON THE SIDELINES.
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
I THINK
IT'S GOOD HE LIED TO YOU.
HI, NEAL.
[ GROANS ]
OH,
OF COURSE HE DOES.
I'M AIDING AND ABETTING
THE FUZZ
AND I'M THE ONE
IN MANACLES?
YOU RAN
FIVE CONSECUTIVE RED LIGHTS.
I WAS APPREHENDING
A CRIMINAL.
THEY THINK
YOU'RE THE CRIMINAL.
THIS MEDALLION
ISN'T REGISTERED TO YOU.
THIS IS FRAUD!
SAYS THE MAN DRIVING A CAB
UNDER AN ASSUMED NAME.
UNLESS --
IS THIS YOUR REAL NAME?
OH, NICE TRY, SUIT.
HAL HOOVER IS JUST TRYING TO
MAKE AN HONEST LIVING.
HE'S NEITHER HONEST,
NOR LIVING.
WHY IS HE
DRIVING A CAB?
TO VACUUM FOR TIPS.
FROM SEX LIVES TO STOCK TIPS,
THE HAL HOOVER STORY.
I GOT THEM
TO LET YOU OFF WITH A FINE.
SO YOU'RE DONE HERE.
I'M DONE?
YEAH, WELL,
SOMEBODY SHOULD HAVE THE KEY.
ARE YOU AWARE
OF THE LEGWORK REQUIRED
TO LEGALLY OPERATE
A YELLOW CAB IN NEW YORK CITY?
YES, YOU CAN RENT OR BUY
A MEDALLION
FROM THE TAXI & LIMOUSINE
COMMISSION.
THE POTENTIAL FOR PROFIT
IS ENORMOUS!
I KNOW, THE MEDALLIONS
ARE AUCTIONING
FOR ABOUT
A MILLION DOLLARS EACH.
HOW DID YOU GET YOURS?
I PAID -- IN FULL.
I'M SURE
YOU CAN GUESS.
DON'T WANT TO KNOW.
THAT MEDALLION
IS THE ONLY THING
SEPARATING ME FROM
BEING A GYPSY, SUIT.
A GYPSY!
AND NOW SOME HACK IS DRIVING
AROUND WITH A COUNTERFEIT.
I GET IT.
UPSTANDING CITIZEN HAL HOOVER
HAS BROUGHT ME A CASE.
Jones: WAIT,
SO LET ME PROCESS THIS --
MOZZIE DRIVES A CAB
TO GATHER INTEL ON HIS FARES?
CALLS IT
HIS YELLOW GIRLFRIEND.
OH, THAT MAKES ME
UNCOMFORTABLE.
WELL, IT'S A COMMON PHRASE
AMONGST CABBIES.
I REVIEWED HIS BILL OF SALE.
IT'S LEGIT.
SHOWS THAT HE PURCHASED
THE MEDALLION FOUR MONTHS AGO.
ALL RIGHT, SO WHY DOES
THE TAXI & LIMOUSINE COMMISSION
SAY LUKE DUSARQUE
OF GOTHAM TAXI OWNS IT?
HIS GIRLFRIEND'S
STEPPING OUT.
CUTE --
MY WORKING THEORY IS THAT
SOMEONE FROM THE TLC
IS MANIPULATING RECORDS.
YEAH, BUT THE REAL OWNER
COULD FILE A REPORT.
WELL,
NOT IF YOU TARGET VICTIMS
WHO WOULD BE
AFRAID TO REPORT IT,
LIKE NEW CABBIES
OR RECENT IMMIGRANTS.
BUT WHOEVER STOLE IT
IS COVERING THEIR TRACKS.
THERE'S NO LINK
TO ANY OF THE EMPLOYEES AT TLC.
THEN WE GO AFTER
THE BUYER.
WANT US TO SUBPOENA
DUSARQUE'S RECORDS?
YOU WANT TO
PUT HAL HOOVER DOWN
AS THE MAIN TESTIMONY
BACKING THAT REQUEST?
YOU EVER ASK YOURSELF
IF IT'S WORTH IT?
DO I WONDER WHY I DON'T ARREST
MOZZIE AND BE DONE WITH IT?
YES.
EVERY TIME HE OPENS HIS MOUTH,
I REACH FOR MY CUFFS.
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
HE MAY BE RIGHT.
SO WHAT, THEN?
WE ASK DUSARQUE
FOR HIS RECORDS STRAIGHT UP?
YEAH, BUT I DON'T THINK
HE'LL HAND THEM OVER
TO AN FBI AGENT.
Neal: PETER BILLINGS?
[ Chuckling ]
SOUNDS LIKE A TV ANCHOR.
NO TLC FOR MY TLC ID?
OH, I'VE BEEN WAITING
ON A TLC JOKE,
BUT THAT WAS NOT GOOD.
I'LL WORK ON IT.
PLEASE DON'T.
PETER BILLINGS.
I NEED TO SEE YOUR FARE BOOK.
TLC AGENTS
ARE GLORIFIED DMV REPS.
I WOULDN'T
FLASH THAT TOO MUCH.
I'M JUST
GETTING INTO CHARACTER.
PLEASE DON'T.
Mozzie: I'LL TELL YOU, GUYS --
MIRACLE OF LIFE?
THE ONLY MIRACLE
IS THAT I DIDN'T GET A HERNIA
SCRUBBING THE STAINS
OUT OF MY FLOOR MATS.
WHAT'S HE DOING HERE?
HIS BEST
COLUMBO IMPRESSION?
HE'S NOT COLUMBO. I'M COLUMBO.
GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S THE THIRD TIME SOMEONE'S
GIVEN BIRTH IN MY CAB.
I MEAN,
I'M NOT EVEN A FATHER!
I FEEL LIKE
A FREAKING MIDWIFE!
[ LAUGHTER ]
PETER BILLINGS OF THE TLC.
I NEED TO SPEAK WITH
LUKE DUSARQUE, PLEASE.
OFFICE.
THANK YOU.
FRANK,
BRING THE KEYS TO 6V92.
I SWEAR,
I'VE NEVER SEEN
THAT AMOUNT OF COPPER PIPE
IN MY LIFE.
YOU KNOW THAT PLASTIC
IS THE NEWEST THING NOW, RIGHT?
HEY! YOU...HAL!
YOU DROVE ME TO KATZ'S DELI
THE OTHER DAY.
I LEFT MY WALLET
IN YOUR CAR.
OH, YEAH.
KATZ'S, RIGHT --
THE BAD TIPPER.
REALLY? BAD TIPPER?
IS THAT WHY YOU DROVE OFF
WITH $500 OF MY MONEY?
YEAH. YEAH.
NOT SO SASSY NOW, ARE WE?
I'D LIKE A WORD WITH YOU,
PLEASE?
WHOEVER SAID
THE CUSTOMER'S ALWAYS RIGHT
NEVER MET THE CUSTOMER,
AM I RIGHT?
[ LAUGHTER ]
THAT'S FUNNY.
Wanda: CARMEN'S
PULLING 8R62 OUT NOW.
YOU DIDN'T TRUST PETER AND I
ALONE ON THIS?
THREE IN THE HAND
IS BETTER THAN NONE IN THE BUSH.
STOP TRYING TO MAKE THAT
A SAYING. DID YOU GET ANYWHERE?
DID I? I WAS CHATTING
WITH EARL HERE.
I GUESS EVERY SO OFTEN,
THE CABBIES COME IN AND FIND
THAT DUSARQUE
HAS LEFT A NEW CAR ON THE LOT.
HMM.
IF I CAN GET INSIDE THAT CAB,
I COULD HACK THE GPS.
OH, AND PULL A HOME BASE
ON WHERE THE MEDALLIONS
ARE COMING FROM?
WELL, WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO BREAK IN AND HOT WIRE IT.
WE'LL NEED THE KEY.
FRANK,
WHERE ARE WE ON THOSE KEYS?
YOU HAVE YOUR 5V78 PAPERWORK
ON YOU?
THEY CAN'T TAKE EVERYTHING AWAY
FROM HAL HOOVER.
WHY?
'CAUSE A BILL OF SALE LOOKS
A LOT LIKE A LEASE AGREEMENT
TO A BUSY WOMAN.
[ GASPS ]
LET'S GO GET
YOUR WALLET BACK.
LOOK, LADY, WE DROPPED YOU OFF
AT YOUR DESTINATION,
WE CHARGED YOUR CARD,
END OF STORY.
LUKE DUSARQUE.
WANDA SAID YOU NEEDED ME?
PETER BILLINGS, TLC.
NOT AFRAID OF LOSING
REPEAT CUSTOMERS, HUH?
CAN'T LET PEOPLE
WALK ALL OVER YOU.
SO?
YEAH, WE'VE HAD RUMORS
OF CABBIES
GIVING UNREPORTED CASH RIDES.
I GOT TO CHECK YOUR RECORDS.
IT'S ROUTINE.
GREAT.
THAT THE YEAR?
THE MONTH.
AH,
YOU MIND IF I MAKE
A FEW COPIES
OF THESE FARE LOGS?
THE REST OF THEM
ARE OVER THERE.
LET ME KNOW
IF I NEED TO FIRE ANYBODY.
GOTHAM. THIS IS LUKE.
I ALREADY TOLD YOU, BUDDY,
IT'S NOT IN THERE!
IT'S $500, DANNY DeVITO!
THE LEAST YOU CAN LET ME DO
IS LOOK INSIDE THE CAB.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
GOTHAM. PLEASE HOLD.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS,
WANDA?!
CALVIN KLEIN HERE
COMES INTO MY PLACE OF BUSINESS
AND PUBLICLY
ATTACKS MY CHARACTER!
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
WHO ARE YOU?
UH, HAL.
I LEASED 5V78 LAST WEEK.
REALLY? YOU PAID $4,000 A MONTH
TO RENT A TAXI MEDALLION?
YEAH, I BET YOU DO NEED
SOME EXTRA CASH, PAL.
HEY!
DOESN'T MEAN I TAKE SOMETHING
THAT WASN'T MINE. RIGHT, WANDA?
LET THE MAN LOOK IN THE CAR
IF IT'LL SETTLE THIS.
THANK YOU!
FRANK, I NEED
THE KEYS TO 5V78 -- STAT!
THANK YOU, WANDA. YOU'RE
A VERY REASONABLE PERSON...
UNLIKE HIM.
OH, THIS ONE?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
GOTHAM TAXI.
HOLD, PLEASE.
[ HUMMING ]
GOT THE I.D. NUMBER.
GREAT, I'LL BE IN THEIR FIREWALL
WITHIN AN HOUR.
ALL RIGHT.
Peter: OR I'LL SIMPLY
CALL THE COMPANY
AND REQUISITION THEIR LOGS.
SO WHEN I DO IT,
I'M A CRIMINAL.
BUT WHEN YOU DO IT,
YOU'RE A PATRIOT?
GOD BLESS
THE GOVERNMENT.
PETER BILLINGS, TLC.
I'M GOING TO NEED YOU TWO
TO STEP OUT OF THE VEHICLE.
SERIOUSLY?
YEAH.
INCREDIBLE!
DUSARQUE HAS
ALL THE APPROPRIATE PAPERWORK
CO-OPTING MY MEDALLION
AND MY RIDE LOG.
THE HUBRIS!
DIDN'T EVEN BAT AN EYE
WHEN HE HANDED IT OVER.
THESE FARE LOGS
GO BACK
ALL FOUR MONTHS
YOU'VE OWNED THE MEDALLION.
YEAH, MOST OF THESE
ARE MY FARES.
MINE. MINE. MINE.
MINE...NOT MINE!
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S WHEN
THE MEDALLION SWITCHED HANDS.
TWO THURSDAYS AGO.
YEAH, LEAVING US
WITH 20 OR SO ADDRESSES
ABOVE THAT ON THE GPS
TO TRACK DOWN.
YOU READ,
I'LL SEARCH.
EAST RIVINGTON STREET.
...23
EAST RIVING-TON STREET.
HMM...
THAT'S A RESIDENCE
OF A FILM PRODUCER...
THAT SUSPENDED
HER MAIL DELIVERY
BECAUSE SHE'S JUST RETURNING
FROM A FILM SHOOT IN ROMANIA.
AND USED THE CAB
TO RETURN FROM JFK.
NEXT.
SERIOUSLY, GREY GARDENS, THIS
IS THE PACE WE'RE GONNA GO AT?
JUSTICE REQUIRES PATIENCE,
LITTLE EDIE.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT,
1297 EAST HOUSTON.
THAT'S A DONUT SHOP
OWNED AND OPERATED BY
AN 82-YEAR-OLD MAN
AND HIS WIFE.
MAYBE THEY'RE FENCING MEDALLIONS
TO BUILD A RETIREMENT FUND?
MM-HMM.
ALL RIGHT,
656 WEST 125th STREET.
THAT'S...THE COTTON CLUB.
I THOUGHT
THAT SHUT DOWN.
THEY HAD A SOFT OPENING
TWO MONTHS AGO.
TESTING THE WATERS
FOR A BIGGER ONE.
ELIZABETH HAS BEEN
BEGGING ME TO GO.
WHO OWNS IT NOW?
JUNE USED TO TELL ME
ABOUT SINGING THERE WITH BYRON.
TWO BROTHERS --
ANGELO AND DELMON WELLS.
DELMON'S RECENTLY BACK
FROM A STINT AT RIKERS.
FOUR YEARS -- B&E.
AND ANGELO...
WORKS AT
THE TAXI & LIMOUSINE COMMISSION.
THAT'S THE GUY! HE MUST BE
SELLING THE MEDALLIONS!
THE CLUB'S
A CASH BUSINESS.
IT'S THE PERFECT PLACE
TO CLEAN THE PROFIT.
IF THAT'S THE CASE, IT MIGHT
SHOW UP ON THEIR BALANCE SHEET.
YOU READY
TO GO FOR A RIDE?
HERE WE ARE.
TIPS WELCOME.
HERE'S A TIP --
CLEAN THESE SEATS.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
UH, WE CAN HANDLE THIS,
COLUMBO.
HEY, THREE IN THE HAND
IS BETTER THAN NONE IN THE BUSH.
JUST STAY HERE
AND DON'T GET IN ANY TROUBLE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU STILL BOTHER SAYING THAT.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
[ GRUNTS ]
THAT'S THE FASTEST I'VE GOTTEN
A CAB IN HARLEM -- OR ANYWHERE.
ALMOST MAKES ME CHANGE MY MIND
ABOUT WANTING TO SELL THE PLACE.
OH, YOU'RE THE OWNER?
UH-HUH. YOU NEW?
NO!
I'M AN OPPORTUNIST.
HUH.
[ SIGHS ] YOU CAN SMELL
THE HISTORY IN THIS PLACE.
YEAH, HISTORY SMELLS LIKE
AN OLD ASHTRAY.
WE'RE NEVER GONNA GET
A LOOK AT THEIR FINANCIALS
IF THAT'S YOUR ATTITUDE.
MY ATTITUDE
MIGHT NOT COME INTO PLAY.
WE'RE A COUPLE OF
SORE THUMBS HERE.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
ALL RIGHT, NO FBI.
ROLL WITH ME ON THIS.
OH, JUST ONCE I'D LOVE
AN EXPLANATION
TO FOLLOW THAT SENTENCE.
WE DON'T OPEN TILL 7:00,
GENTLEMEN.
I KNOW. NEAL CRAIG --
TALENT MANAGEMENT.
THIS YOUR PLACE?
MINE AND MY BROTHER'S --
DELMON WELLS.
AND I'M WITH THE LABEL.
PETER BILLINGS --
SWING LOW SOUND.
YOU GUYS
GOT A PRETTY GOOD STABLE.
WELL, THANKS.
I HELPED REBUILD IT.
SO WHY ARE YOU HERE?
WELL, WE KNOW YOU'RE ALSO
IN THE PROCESS OF REBUILDING.
WE THOUGHT WE'D OFFER SOME
FRESH TALENT TO DRAW CROWDS.
FRESH IS CODE
FOR YOUNG AND FLEETING,
AND THIS CLUB
DOESN'T DO "AMERICAN IDOL."
YOU INTERESTED
IN CLASSIC ACTS?
LITTLE LESS
LANA DEL RYE --
MORE BOOKER LITTLE
RESOLVING NOTES ON HIS TRUMPET?
WHICH IS WHAT I BOOKED
FOR THIS FRIDAY'S REOPENING.
GOT ME AN OLD-SCHOOL TRIO --
SAX, DRUMS, AND AN ORGAN.
YOU COULD STILL
USE A SINGER.
Mozzie: MUST BE NICE,
RUNNING A CLUB LIKE THAT.
YOU WANT IT,
YOU CAN HAVE IT.
WELL, IF YOU'RE NOT INTO IT,
WHY ARE YOU REOPENING THE CLUB?
THAT'D BE MY BROTHER.
HE DITCHES TOWN
FOR A WHILE,
COMES BACK AND DECLARES US
OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
OH, YOU DON'T LIKE
TO BE TOLD WHAT TO DO.
THAT'S RIGHT.
MY MOTHER LEAVES US
A CLUB I DON'T WANT,
MY BROTHER
LEAVES ME TO RUN IT,
MEANWHILE NOBODY CARES
I GOT A DAY JOB TO WORRY ABOUT.
OH, WHERE'S THAT?
TLC.
TAXI & LIMOUSINE COMMISSION?
DING-DING.
5V78.
YOU LEASE THIS FROM DUSARQUE
OVER AT GOTHAM?
YEAH. YOU REALLY KNOW
YOUR CABS.
I CAN BARELY
GET ONE MYSELF.
THIS GAME'S RIGGED,
MAN.
NO, THEY...
[ Chuckling ] THAT'S THE REASON
THEY CALL IT THE EMPIRE CITY.
YOU GOT TO SCRAPE
WHERE YOU CAN.
HOW DO YOU SCRAPE?
BY TAKING JOY IN THE ONE
GOOD THING ABOUT MY JOB.
WHAT'S THAT?
HIRING CIGAR GIRLS.
[ LAUGHS ]
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF
JUNE ELLINGTON.
NO, BUT YOU'VE HEARD OF
HER HUSBAND, BYRON.
BYRON ELLINGTON,
THE TRUMPETER?
GOT A HELL OF A RIDE
OUT OF THAT LAST NAME.
HE PLAYED
WITH DON BYAS BACK THEN.
AND JUNE SANG LEAD
UNTIL BYRON GOT SICK.
YOU GUYS
HAVE PIQUED MY INTEREST,
BUT, UH,
WE'RE A SMALL OPERATION.
I CAN'T JUST WRITE A BIG CHECK
AT THE END OF THE NIGHT.
I'M SURE WE CAN
WORK SOMETHING OUT.
SO WHY WOULD A LABEL LET
THEIR ARTIST WORK ON THE CHEAP?
I THINK
WHAT HE MEANS TO SAY IS --
MUSIC ISN'T BORN
IN MADISON SQUARE GARDEN.
IT STARTS HERE,
IN CLUBS LIKE THIS
MUSIC HAS TO COME FROM SOMEWHERE
TO GO SOMEWHERE.
WELL, I HANDLE THE TALENT,
BUT MY BROTHER KEEPS THE BOOKS.
WE USUALLY DO
A STRAIGHT PERCENTAGE OF 65.
I THINK WE CAN DO BETTER THAN
A STRAIGHT PERCENTAGE FOR JUNE.
AND WE STILL HAVE TO
HEAR AN E.P. BEFORE
WE SETTLE ON ANYTHING.
WON'T BE A PROBLEM.
COULD I TROUBLE YOU
FOR A MATCHBOOK?
IT'S FOR MY WIFE.
SHE'S A BIG FAN OF THIS PLACE.
OKAY.
THANKS.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING ]
YOU SHOULD INVITE YOUR WIFE
FOR THE REOPENING.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, I THINK
WE ALL GOT WHAT WE NEED HERE.
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH.
OKAY.
LOOKING FORWARD
TO HEARING THAT ALBUM.
WHAT WAS THAT
BACK THERE?
"MUSIC ISN'T BORN
IN MADISON SQUARE GARDEN?"
EL'S WEEKLY DISSERTATION
WHEN SHE PUTS
HER MORGANA KING ALBUM ON.
WHERE THE HELL
IS MOZZIE?
[ SIGHS ]
I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU STILL BOTHER.
SO, YOU ACTUALLY
LISTEN TO ME
WHEN I RANT
ABOUT SOMETHING, HUH?
MARRIAGE IS FOR BETTER
OR FOR WORSE.
UH-HUH.
YOU KNOW, THE COTTON CLUB
BRINGS BACK A LOT OF MEMORIES.
WHEN I FIRST CAME
TO NEW YORK,
I USED TO GO THERE
EVERY THURSDAY NIGHT.
WHY'D YOU STOP?
THEY SHUT DOWN.
A LOT OF THESE OLD PLACES DO.
YEAH, IT DOESN'T HELP
THE BUSINESSES
WHEN THE OWNERS
ARE CROOKS.
DOES THAT MEAN I DON'T GET TO GO
TO THE REOPENING?
IF THEY'RE USING THE CLUB
TO LAUNDER MONEY, THERE
WON'T BE A REOPENING.
DON'T LOSE HOPE --
IT MIGHT TAKE US PAST FRIDAY
TO ISOLATE THE DISCREPANCIES
IN THE BOOKS.
I KNOW EVENT VENUES.
I COULD PROBABLY SAVE YOU
A FEW HOURS OF WORK.
OKAY. LET'S SEE.
OKAY. [ SIGHS ]
THEY HAVE 30 TABLES,
TURNOVER AN HOUR PER TABLE,
HERE THEY HAVE TOTAL ATTENDANCE
AT 220.
BUT SEE, THEY'RE ONLY PUTTING
300 LINENS TO BE WASHED.
IT SHOULD BE WELL OVER 500.
WELL, THEY COULD BE REUSING THEM
TO CUT COSTS.
YEAH, OR THEY COULD BE
PADDING THE HEAD COUNT
AND TABBING AN EXTRA
COUPLE GRAND EVERY NIGHT.
THAT'S MY GIRL!
OH. CAN YOU NAIL 'EM?
NOT YET. THESE SCAMS ARE
NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE TO PROVE.
SMART.
HEY. MY YELLOW GIRLFRIEND AND I
RETURN WITH NEWS.
COME ON IN.
SURE. ANGELO RECOGNIZED
MY TAXI NUMBER.
IT'S DEFINITELY HIM.
YEAH,
AND POSSIBLY HIS BROTHER.
THEN WHY
THE DILLYDALLYING?
ARREST AND RETURN
ALL THE SEIZED GOODS.
BASED ON YOUR OBSERVATIONS
AND A LAUNDRY BILL? TRY AGAIN.
WE NEED EYES ON THE OPERATION,
SOMEONE ON THE INSIDE.
HMM.
KNOW ANY CUTE CIGAR GIRLS?
[ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS ]
THANKS, TOOTS.
I BETTER NOT
HEAR YOU LAUGHING.
OH, WE'RE LAUGHING
WITH YOU, TOOTS.
[ WAND WARBLES ]
SECURITY GUARD BY THE STAIRS
HAS GOT A METAL DETECTOR.
YEAH. I WONDER
WHAT THAT'S ABOUT.
I GOT EYES ON ANGELO.
HE'S HEADED DOWNSTAIRS
WITH A BRIEFCASE.
See if you can
follow him.
ALL RIGHT.
HANDS.
Man: OH, NICE.
WHAT'S THIS?
ON THE HOUSE.
THANK YOU!
YEAH!
I GOT TO RELOAD.
[ WAND WARBLES ]
SORRY -- EARRINGS.
Delmon:
WHAT'S IN IT?
Angelo: NOTHING.
ANGELO!
I SAID, "NOTHING."
DAMN BEANIE BABIES.
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
DON'T PATRONIZE ME
THEN.
I'M NOT ASKING
FOR A KIDNEY.
HOW MANY TIMES
YOU EXPECT ME TO DO THIS
WITHOUT KNOWING
WHAT I'M DOING?
COME ON!
LUKE SAID HE'LL BE HERE FRIDAY
AT 8:30 TO GET THE BRIEFCASE.
FRIDAY'S THE REOPENING.
WHAT? THERE'S A
"NO SWAPPING BRIEFCASES" RULE?
I JUST DON'T WANT YOU
GETTING INTO TROUBLE.
THEN HELP ME OUT.
NOW, OPEN THE SAFE.
ANGELO'S SELLING
ANOTHER MEDALLION.
AND DELMON DOESN'T
KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
Delmon: * I GOT HARLEM
ON MY MIND *
SO YOU'RE NOT COMING
ON FRIDAY?
Angelo: I TOLD YOU.
DUSTY JAZZ ACTS AIN'T MY THING
BOSS,
DID YOU GET ALL THAT?
I DID. SEE IF YOU CAN GET EYES
ON THAT SAFE.
I'LL TRY.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
I DON'T HEAR ANYONE.
I'M GOING IN.
Watch yourself.
YOU'RE THE NEW GIRL.
Yeah, um, I was just --
VENTURING SOMEPLACE YOU GOT
ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS BEING.
DIANA?
I'M SORRY. I GOT LOST.
LOST?
THAT'S NOT GONNA HOLD.
NO,
BUT SHE KNOWS THAT.
WELL, THERE'S TWO DOORS
IN THAT HALLWAY.
ONE GOES TO THE HUMIDOR,
AND ONE GOES TO MY OFFICE.
GUESS YOU DIDN'T HAVE TROUBLE
FINDING THE HUMIDOR.
NO.
I, UM -- I HEARD
ABOUT YOUR VINYL COLLECTION.
I WANTED TO TAKE A LOOK.
SO,
YOU'LL RISK GETTING FIRED
TO COME IN HERE
TO SEE SOME DUSTY JAZZ ACTS?
IF YOU'RE CALLING AN ORIGINAL
PRESSING OF JAMES RUSHING
A "DUSTY JAZZ ACT,"
THEN YOU AND ME GOT A PROBLEM.
YOU GOT SOME BALLS, GIRL.
SPARK ME UP ONE OF THOSE.
SMART. THE APPLE AND EVE.
SHE COULDN'T RESIST.
OH, NOW YOU HELP YOURSELF
TO A PRINCIPITO?
JONES:
I'm officially jealous.
HAVE YOU EVER HAD
A PRINCIPITO?
NO.
THEY'RE THE REASON
WHY WE HAVE FIVE SENSES.
WHAT,
YOU CAN HEAR THEM?
LIGHT ONE UP,
AND TELL ME IT DOESN'T SING.
WELL, I SEE YOU GOT
THE SAME GOOD TASTE IN MUSIC
THAT YOU HAVE
IN YOUR CIGARS.
IT'S YOUR RECORD.
NAW, IT'S MY MOM'S.
I JUST GET CREDIT
FOR NOT SELLING IT.
YOU EVER WONDER
WHERE IT COMES FROM --
OUR NEED FOR MUSIC?
WELL, IT CATALOGUES
OUR MEMORIES.
A RECORD LIKE THAT,
IT JUST PUTS YOU SOMEPLACE.
WHERE'S IT PUT YOU?
[ SCOFFS ]
THE FIRST TIME I HEARD
JIMMY RUSHING WAS NOT ON WAX.
IT WAS HERE.
YOU COULDN'T HAVE BEEN
MORE THAN 7.
6 -- I REMEMBER
JUST SITTING ON A BARSTOOL,
PLAYING DRUMS IN MY HEAD
LIKE JO JONES WAS ONSTAGE,
WHICH INCIDENTALLY,
CAN'T BE DONE.
[ LAUGHS ]
AND MY BROTHER ANGELO --
YEAH,
HE INTERVIEWED ME.
HE WAS 4 YEARS OLD,
MAN.
HE'S RUNNING AROUND,
"DEVIL IN HIS EYES" WILD.
[ LAUGHS ] ARMS FLAILING
LIKE HE WAS UNDERWATER.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
I DON'T THINK HE KNEW
EXACTLY WHAT HE WAS DOING,
BUT HE KNEW WHAT HE WAS DOING,
YOU KNOW?
DOES HE STILL KNOW
WHAT HE'S DOING?
UM, HE'S BEEN FLAILING AROUND
A BIT LATELY,
BUT HIS HEART'S
STILL IN IT.
BUT I'LL ALWAYS REMEMBER HIM
SPINNING AROUND UP THERE.
THAT'S WHY
WE NEED THE MUSIC.
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO
RECAPTURE WITH THE REOPENING.
I FIGURE IF I CAN REMIND HIM
OF WHAT HE'S MISSING,
MAYBE HE'LL JUST KEEP
HIS FLAILING ON THE DANCE FLOOR.
YOU DID A BANG-UP JOB
WITH THE PLACE.
GOOD BOOZE,
BEST MUSICIANS ALIVE...
CIGAR GIRLS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YEAH, SPEAKING OF WHICH, UH,
ISN'T YOUR BREAK ABOUT UP?
IT IS.
YEAH.
I HOPE WHAT YOU'RE DOING
PAYS OFF.
YEAH. ME, TOO.
AND THE MUSIC NEVER STOPS.
WE SHOULDN'T BE ARRESTING
DELMON.
SOUNDS LIKE A DECENT GUY.
I KNOW, BUT OUR ONLY DEFINITIVE
LINK TO THE CRIME
IS IN A SAFE, IN THE BACK OFFICE
OF THE COTTON CLUB.
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES DELMON
WILL ROLL ON ANGELO
IF WE BUST HIM MAKING
THE EXCHANGE WITH DUSARQUE?
NONE. HE LOVES ANGELO.
HE'D GO SILENT BEFORE ROLLING
ON HIS BABY BROTHER.
SO THE GUILTY BROTHER WALKS,
AND THE INNOCENT ONE DOES TIME?
NO.
YOU HAVE AN IDEA?
WE NEED TO FORCE ANGELO
TO SHOW UP AT THE MEET.
I MET DUSARQUE.
HE'S A BULL.
IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG,
HE'LL DEMAND ANSWERS
DIRECTLY FROM ANGELO.
IF THE MEDALLION
SOMEHOW DISAPPEARED,
THAT'D GIVE HIM REASON
TO BE UPSET.
WE REPLACE THE REAL MEDALLION
WITH A DECOY.
A DISAPPEARING DECOY?
A MELTING ONE.
LIKE THE ICE DIAMOND
YOU GAVE THE CZARINA IN RUSSIA.
NO.
Jones: CAN WE GET IN THE SAFE
TO MAKE THE SWAP?
THE SAFE LOCK'S
VOICE-RECOGNITION.
I THINK
I HAVE A VOCAL KEY.
Delmon:
* I GOT HARLEM ON MY MIND *
THAT'S WHY HE WAS SINGING.
THOSE LYRICS UNLOCK THE SAFE.
ALTHOUGH I HATE
TO BREAK IT TO YOU,
THAT LAPTOP'S NOT GETTING PAST
THE SECURITY'S METAL DETECTOR.
FOR THAT MATTER, ANY KIND OF
RECORDER OR PLAY-BACK DEVICE.
Neal:
WHAT IF IT'S VINYL?
MAYBE IT'S TIME
FOR JUNE ELLINGTON
TO COME OUT OF RETIREMENT.
Neal: ALL RIGHT.
DELMON IS
A CONNOISSEUR OF VINYL,
SO WE NEED TO PRESS
AN ALBUM
THAT LOOKS AND SOUNDS
AUTHENTIC TO THE '60s.
THINK YOU CAN HANDLE IT?
YOU KNOW I CAN HANDLE IT.
OF COURSE SHE CAN.
SO WE'RE GONNA RECORD YOU
SINGING ON BOTH CHANNELS
BUT HIDE DELMON'S VOICE KEY
ON THE LEFT AUDIO TRACK.
THAT WAY, WHEN NEAL PLAYS IT
BACK, IT WILL OPEN THE SAFE.
MY ONLY QUESTION IS,
WHAT SONGS AM I SINGING?
"AIN'T NOBODY'S BUSINESS"
AND "HARLEM ON MY MIND" --
DELMON'S TASTE --
BUT I'LL SHOW YOU
HOW TO CLASS IT UP.
LISTEN, LITTLE MAN, IF YOU THINK
YOU CAN SHOW ME SOME CLASS,
YOU HAVE
ANOTHER THOUGHT COMING.
TALENT.
OKAY.
I THINK WE'RE GOOD.
I'M GONNA GET STARTED
ON THOSE MELTING MEDALLIONS.
[ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS ]
* IF I SHOULD TAKE A NOTION
TO JUMP INTO THE OCEAN *
* AIN'T NOBODY'S BUSINESS
IF I DO *
* IF GO TO CHURCH ON SUNDAY
AND SHIMMY DOWN ALL DAY MONDAY *
* AIN'T NOBODY'S BUSINESS
IF I DO *
* IF MY FRIEND
AIN'T GOT NO MONEY *
* I SAY, "ALL RIGHT, HONEY"
* AIN'T NOBODY'S BUSINESS
IF I DO *
* NOBODY'S BUSINESS
* AIN'T NOBODY'S BUSINESS
* NOBODY'S BUSINESS IF I DO
[ HORNS HONKING ]
HEY.
Neal: HEY.
GOT OUR RUSH JOB
BACK FROM THE PRINTERS. HERE.
WOW. LOOK AT THAT.
Peter: GREAT PHOTO OF YOU,
JUNE.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
[ CHUCKLES ]
IF THE SONGS ARE GOOD,
WE'RE GOOD.
OH,
THE SONGS ARE GOOD.
THE SONGS ARE EXCEPTIONAL.
YOU DIG?
[ LAUGHTER ]
UH, THE QUESTION IS,
WILL DELMON AGREE?
WELL, THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT.
* NOBODY'S BUSINESS *
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
HONESTLY,
I THINK IT'S A BUNCH OF BULL.
I MEAN, THESE GUYS HAD
THIS WOMAN AT THE HEAD,
AND IT WAS BYRON
THAT MADE IT BIG?
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO SHE'S YOUR GIRL
FOR THE REOPENING?
YEAH, MAN.
SHE'S MY GIRL.
[ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS ]
CHECK, CHECK!
AW, HON,
THANKS FOR LETTING ME COME.
I SORT OF GOT THE IMPRESSION
I DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
YOU DIDN'T. [ LAUGHS ]
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S BETTER THAN I REMEMBER.
YEAH, DELMON HAS DONE
A LOT OF WORK
TO RETURN THE CLUB
TO ITS FORMER GLORY.
HMM.
WELL, YOU TELL HIM
YOUR WIFE APPROVES.
WELL,
YOU CAN TELL HIM YOURSELF.
WE READY TO GO?
YEAH. JUNE'S ALL SET.
EXCITED TO HEAR THOSE PIPES LIVE
AND IN PERSON.
WE ALL ARE.
MR. WELLS,
THIS IS MY WIFE ELIZABETH.
Elizabeth: HI.
OH, THE JAZZ FAN.
EXCUSE ME.
YEAH.
I SAW STEVE COLEMAN
PERFORM YEARS AGO --
NEARLY BLEW MY SKIRT
RIGHT OFF.
GREEN ROOM.
[ WAND WARBLES ]
LOOK AT THIS TURNOUT.
I SEE THE ELLINGTON NAME STILL
CARRIES SOME WEIGHT AROUND HERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
YES.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
I'M SO EXCITED TO INTRODUCE
MRS. JUNE ELLINGTON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
PETER, HEY!
I THOUGHT YOU WERE TRACKING
DUSARQUE.
HE MUST HAVE GOTTEN ANXIOUS
BECAUSE HE'S ON HIS WAY IN HERE.
NEAL JUST WENT DOWN
A MINUTE AGO.
WELL, YOU GOT TO STALL
THE EXCHANGE.
I CAN'T.
DUSARQUE WILL RECOGNIZE ME.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
HANG BACK.
MM-HMM.
WE'VE GOT IT COVERED.
ALL RIGHT.
TELL DIANA TO GET MOVING.
HONEY,
I GOT TO MAKE MYSELF SCARCE.
OKAY.
IT IS SO WONDERFUL TO SEE --
TO SEE ALL OF YOU HERE
THIS EVENING.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
I'M GONNA GET SETTLED IN
WITH MY BAND,
AND WE'LL BEGIN
IN JUST A MOMENT.
HEY, UH,
YOU OWN THIS PLACE, RIGHT?
YEAH, I DO, BUT I'M BUSY
RIGHT NOW.
HEY, LISTEN.
DO YOU HAVE ANY MORE OF THOSE
PRINCIPITOS LAYING AROUND?
YOU HAVE TO ASK
MY CIGAR GIRL.
HEY, UM...
HMM?
YOU'RE NOT GONNA MISS
JUNE'S PERFORMANCE, ARE YOU?
NO, BUT I DO HAVE SOME BUSINESS
TO HANDLE, SO...
LET IT WAIT.
I HEAR SHE'S GONNA DEDICATE
HER FIRST SONG TO YOU.
YOU DID HEAR THAT, HUH?
MM-HMM.
June: ALL RIGHT. WE'RE ALL SET
TO BEGIN TONIGHT.
SO SIT BACK,
RELAX, AND ENJOY.
AND AGAIN, THANK YOU VERY MUCH
FOR COMING.
BUT FIRST, UM, BEFORE I GET
STARTED, I'M [COUGHS] DRY.
COULD I HAVE A LITTLE WATER,
PLEASE?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
UM, I WANT US TO ALL DEDICATE
THIS SONG TO MR. DELMON WELLS.
AND I THINK A SONG ABOUT HARLEM
IS VERY APPROPRIATE
BECAUSE HE HAS HELPED
TO PUT HARLEM BACK ON OUR MINDS.
THANK YOU.
IT'S ALL YOURS.
[ CHEERS ]
[ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ MUSIC FADES ]
* EMERALDS IN MY BRACELETS
* DIAMONDS IN MY RINGS
[ JAZZ MUSIC CONTINUES
IN DISTANCE ]
* AND I'M BLUE, SO BLUE
Delmon:
* I GOT HARLEM ON MY MIND *
[ SAFE BEEPS ]
* AND I'M LONGING
TO BE LOWDOWN *
* AND MY "PARLEZ-VOUS"
WILL NOT RING TRUE *
* WITH HARLEM ON MY MIND
HEY.
YOU'RE EARLY.
SO'S DUSARQUE.
DELMON COULD BE HERE ANY SECOND.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S MAKE THE SWAP.
WE'VE GOT ABOUT FIVE MINUTES
FROM NOW UNTIL IT MELTS.
LET'S HOPE DUSARQUE IS READY
TO SWAP HIS CASH FOR THIS.
* WITH A FRENCH MARQUIS
* EACH EVENING AFTER THE SHOW
* MY LIPS BEGIN TO WHISPER
DON'T TELL HER I'M GONE.
OKAY.
* "MON CHERI"
* BUT MY HEART KEEPS SINGING,
"HI-DE-HO" *
THAT BOUGHT US
A LITTLE TIME.
BUSY NIGHT.
YOU SHOULD BE HAPPY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YEAH, YOU KNOW,
JUNE'S GREAT,
BUT I WAS HOPING
MY BROTHER WOULD SHOW.
WELL,
THERE'S STILL A CHANCE.
HEY.
YOUR MOM WOULD BE PROUD.
YEAH. [ CHUCKLES ] YEAH.
I'LL SEE YOU OUT THERE.
[ PANTING ]
* TAGGING BEHIND
* WITH HARLEM ON MY MIND
* OOH
* WITH HARLEM
Woman: WHOO!
* ON MY
* MIND
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
CLOCKWORK?
NOPE.
SKIN OF OUR TEETH.
THANK YOU.
HE KNOWS
HE SHOULDN'T BE DOING THIS.
THE LENGTHS WE GO TO
TO PROTECT FAMILY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YEAH.
MOZZIE'S GOT TO KEEP
DUSARQUE OCCUPIED
LONG ENOUGH
FOR THE MEDALLION TO MELT.
IF ANYONE CAN KEEP SOMEONE
OCCUPIED, IT'S MOZZIE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
Dusarque: SON OF A...
TAXI!
[ CELLPHONE DIALING ]
HEY, WHERE YOU HEADED,
PAL?
GOWANUS.
YEAH, WANDA, I'M GONNA NEED
A TOW FROM THE COTTON CLUB.
SOMEONE SLASHED MY TIRE.
NO, I AM NOT WAITING AROUND
IN HARLEM.
OH, YOU GOT --
YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
OH, JUST -- JUST GIVE HER
A SECOND. SHE'LL BE FINE.
YEAH, IT LOOKS LIKE I'M GONNA BE
WAITING FOR THAT TOW AFTER ALL.
I'LL CALL YOU BACK.
I'D PLANNED
ON DOING SOME REPAIRS,
BUT I GOT SHORT-CHANGED
ON SOME COPPER PIPE.
$3.00 A POUND --
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
LOOK, IF I WANTED TO MAKE SMALL
TALK, I WOULD VISIT MY BARBER.
OH, I-I WOULDN'T KNOW
ABOUT THAT.
WHAT THE HELL?
I MEAN, I DON'T TRUST ANYBODY
BUT ME WITH THIS MOP.
ANGELO, YOU SWINDLING SON OF
A BITCH, WHERE IS MY MEDALLION?
WELL, IT ISN'T -- I AM STARING
AT AN EMPTY BRIEFCASE
AND A LAP FULL OF WATER!
HEY,
TROUBLE IN PARADISE?
I'M MEETING YOU INSIDE.
GET HERE NOW!
* SOME OF THESE DAYS
* YOU ARE GONNA MISS ME, HONEY
Dusarque: DELMON!
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"WHAT'S THE PROBLEM"?
WELL,
THE MEDALLION'S MELTED.
HOPEFULLY, THIS BUYS US
OUR FACE-TO-FACE.
Peter:
I THINK IT DID.
WHERE'S MY MONEY, MAN?
WHERE IS MY MONEY?
IT'S DOWNSTAIRS.
NOW, THAT --
THAT'S CLOCKWORK.
LET'S GO.
YOU GOT A MEDALLION DOWNSTAIRS?
I'M NOT GOING DOWNSTAIRS.
LET'S GO.
* WHEN YOU GO AWAY
* 'CAUSE I FEEL SO LONELY
THE REAL MEDALLION
BETTER BE IN THERE.
DEL?
* I GOT HARLEM ON MY MIND
ALL I SAW
WAS THE BRIEFCASE.
OUT OF MY WAY.
ANGELO, WHAT IS THIS?
DEL,
DON'T BE AN IDIOT.
THERE. YOU GOT YOUR MEDALLION,
I GOT MY MONEY. WE GOOD?
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
FBI.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
YOU TAKING US ALL IN?
WE ARE.
GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
YOU'D SAVE YOURSELF SOME TROUBLE
IF YOU TELL US WHAT HAPPENED.
[ SIGHS ]
CUFF DELMON.
YES, SIR.
WAIT.
NO,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THAT.
AGENT, DEL HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
IT'S ON ME.
YOU PUT THAT ON RECORD,
AND YOUR BROTHER WILL BE FINE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
CUFF HIM.
LET'S TAKE HIM OUT THE BACK,
LET THE CROWD ENJOY THE NIGHT.
* AND HAVE HAD YOUR WAY
* OH, BUT WHEN YOU LEAVE ME
* I KNOW, I KNOW
* IT'S GONNA BE THERE
* YOU WILL MISS YOUR SKINNY,
LITTLE MAMA *
* WELL, SOME OF THESE DAYS
* SOME OF THESE DAYS
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
Mozzie: GOOD NEWS.
THE TLC IS RETURNING
ALL THE STOLEN MEDALLIONS.
BAD NEWS,
THEY HAVE SOME QUESTIONS
ABOUT THE VALIDITY
OF HAL HOOVER'S EXISTENCE.
DON'T WORRY. I CAN WAIT
FOR AN APPROPRIATE REACTION.
AFTER DELMON
GOT OUT OF PRISON,
ALL HE WANTED
WAS TO GET HIS OLD LIFE BACK.
YOU DO KNOW WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT ME RIGHT NOW?
MOZ, I KNOW
WHERE TO TAKE THE KEY.
Peter: KEY.
[ SIGHS ]
UGH, SOMETIMES I WISH
YOU DIDN'T DO YOUR JOB SO WELL.
HEY, YOU SAY "GET EVERYTHING
WITH A NEW YORK SKYLINE."
I SUPPLIED.
LOOK. I NEED CAFFEINE
OR WHISKEY.
OR BOTH -- IRISH COFFEE.
MM.
I WILL KISS YOU.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BEEPING ]
ON THE OFF CHANCE THAT CAFFREY
STARTED TO MOVE, I SET AN ALERT.
WHERE'S HE HEADED?
TALKING TO ANGELO
MADE ME REALIZE
I'VE BEEN LOOKING AT THE KEY
ALL WRONG.
SO A MEDALLION THIEF
SET YOU STRAIGHT?
NO. HE REMINDED ME OF WHO I WAS
BEFORE I WENT TO PRISON.
10 YEAR AGO, ELLEN AND I
HAD NO DIRECT COMMUNICATION.
WELL, SHE WAS
IN WITNESS PROTECTION,
AND YOU WERE ON THE LAM.
RIGHT.
WE HAD NO RELATIONSHIP.
AND WE'VE BEEN TRYING
TO FIND A VANTAGE POINT
THAT WAS RELEVANT
TO HER LIFE,
BUT SHE WOULD HAVE
BEEN TRYING TO FIND ONE
THAT WAS RELEVANT TO MINE.
LOOKS LIKE A PIER
IN QUEENS.
OF COURSE.
IT'S THOSE DAMN CORKS!
COME AGAIN?
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
BACK THEN,
ALL ELLEN KNEW ABOUT NEAL
WAS THAT HIS TIME
WAS RUNNING OUT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I WAS CHASING HIM.
CORKS?
WHEN PETER WAS CLOSING IN,
I STARTED SAVING CORKS.
I'D COME DOWN HERE
WITH A BOTTLE OF WINE,
WATCH THE SUN SET
OVER THE CITY.
EACH SUNSET AND EACH CORK
MARKED ANOTHER DAY I WAS FREE.
AND YOU TOLD ELLEN?
YEAH. THE LAST TIME I SAW HER,
BEFORE I WENT TO PRISON.
SO MAYBE SHE FIGURED
WHEN YOU GOT OUT...
I'D PICK UP
WHERE I LEFT OFF.
RIGHT HERE.
[ CHUCKLES ] LET ME GUESS --
THAT'S YOUR CAFFREY BOX.
EVERYTHING THAT DIDN'T MAKE
SENSE TO LOG INTO EVIDENCE.
YOU'RE SAYING
THERE'S A CORK IN THERE?
NO. HE HAD THIS RITUAL
WITH CORKS.
IT DOESN'T MATTER,
BUT HE USED TO GO
TO THIS PIER IN QUEENS --
THAT
PIER IN QUEENS.
IT'S GOT TO BE IN HERE.
PLEASE BE IN HERE.
PLEASE BE HERE.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
HOLD THIS.
MOZ.
IT COVERS EVERYTHING
EXCEPT ONE BUILDING.
HE FOUND IT.
HE FOUND WHAT?
SHE LED YOU
TO THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING.
YEAH. YEAH, SHE DID.